On my way back, I met a killer sent by the government.
I must have come to kill you, but I have already dealt with it.
But I solved the wave test animal thing,
Just go and deal with the price of the war. Unlucky is also the cause of death that year.
Because it cost them their lives, they chose to let the wave animals go,
While they go to choose the medicine to save your life, neither the war price nor the Lin family knows that you are protecting them.
Not only am I Zhan Tianchen, I have been killed by generals all the time,
He also has the physical strength to reincarnate in the heavenly body,
It is God’s mission to protect the Chinese people.
It was my mistake that led to my death.
Give me a kiss and I'll make you whole
Let both parties take back the door to their home
Just make good use of Poseidon's death line
I can stand in a better position
Until then, I will see the Beijiang God King
Is it easier?
Yes Mr. Ling
Come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come
Come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on.
Come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on.
Come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come
You don't even have the qualifications, let alone brother.
Your family is just a small family from Yuncheng. It's late at night.
What she said makes sense
You are always beautiful and smart
No wonder Quan Xiang and Dong Sui are looking at you.
Come, come, come, come, have a drink